# hello-world
Hello indeed, 
     My name is Kyle Arbues, and I have been practicing Python basics for about a year, except for the last two months. I want to begin to build a professional portfolio in order to secure a job as a data analyst. I attempted a machine learning course on Udacity, but I think the course was a bit more advanced than my skillset at the time, and thus did not complete the course. I became a bit discouraged by this, as I usually do quite well in learning environments, but not having a direction other than learning for the sake of learning burned me out for a bit. As I have researched more about coding and what I can do with it, I realized I hadn't really thought about what excited me about using coding and data to begin with. 
     After some soul searching, I realize now that I want to work on projects related to Google Fit, Apple Watch, etc. in order to help advance people's health and awareness of it. I have looked at the SDK for Google Fit briefly, and want to build up my knowledge to use the data from their API in order to find novel trends, and hopefully have some development input for the company in the near future. My ultimate goal is to transform the zeitgeist of mental health by allowing users to become more aware of their mental state, similar to how the current wearable devices allow a user to become aware of their physical state. I look forward to a community approach to my learning, and to a path that allows me to make a difference I can believe in, and become a paid professional in the field. 
     My current education is in Psychology, and my passion has always been pondering what gives rise to our conscious experience. 
